SERV-818 SERV-819 SERV-820 SERV-821 Improve Ecosystem IDE Plugin Documentation (#95)
payara/Payara-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/Technical Documentation/Ecosystem/IDE Integration/Eclipse Plugin/Building Eclipse Plugin.adoc

The Payara Tools Eclipse IDE Plugin sourcecode is available in the https://github.com/payara/ecosystem-eclipse-plugin[Eclipse Plugin repository].

[[building-eclipse-plugin-requisites]]
== Prerequisites
Before building the Payara Tools Eclipse plugin, you will need to configure your local environment. Subsequent builds will not require these steps.

Clone the ecosystem-eclipse-plugin repository::

> You must first clone the repository where the plugin sourcecode is stored. https://github.com/payara/ecosystem-eclipse-plugin[Eclipse Plugin repository]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must first clone the repository where the plugin source code is stored. https://github.com/payara/ecosystem-eclipse-plugin[Eclipse Plugin repository]
```
